Gwenevere Abriel: What what hospital.
Lauraluj87: Drain, they just released me know
Gwenevere Abriel: What was going on a
Lauraluj87: Lot of things can be
Lauraluj87: Pneumonia or
Lauraluj87: Or
Lauraluj87: The Kobe. They have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did you tested.
Lauraluj87: Tested I don't have the Kobe thank god. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what did they think that was going on.
Lauraluj87: There's an asthma exasperation, or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what what what happened did something
Lauraluj87: With something going on. Well, yeah, like my side was hurting really bad. So I went in, or whatever, and they had me on morphine T trying to figure out what the wrong, whatever. And, um,
Lauraluj87: And I told them that you know I was hurting, and I couldn't really have the whole time. And I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a discharge. I bet you have it right in your man.
Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what does it say as far as they have to come up with some sort of diagnosis or something. They were trying to rule out. Does it say what that was.
Lauraluj87: Your primary diagnosis was not
Lauraluj87: Included acute respiratory failure with history of methamphetamine abuse opioid dependence abdominal pain, generalized opioid use disorders here in early remission.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they knew about the opioid use. I wonder why was there any discussion around
Gwenevere Abriel: Using additional buprenorphine. Was there any discussion at all, or they just like how was the decision of pain management addressed.
Lauraluj87: They told me to talk to my doctor and just talk to you guys like a second week about, um, about whether the, what's it called ships are working or not. And I said, Why don't think that there. I mean, like, basically, they are you having. Are you still having symptoms like you know
Lauraluj87: Creamy season as well. Yeah. Obviously. And they said, Okay mommy talking about getting out of stronger strippers. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so those are separate, hold on, let's, we can talk about that in a minute. What I'm asking you about is when anybody goes to the dentist or they go to a hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can see in their diagnosis that they're aware that you have an opioid and math right chemical dependence, you have a history. I read, I just heard it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm asking is, before I asked you to read that paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said they put me on morphine and oxy before that. What I'm wondering is if. Was there any conversation with the physician. Wait, this is my drug of choice. I'm in an MIT program. I'm on buprenorphine. Wait, wait, wait, wait. We got to talk about my pain management.
Was any of them.
Lauraluj87: I told them that I was on. I went in. I mean, tea or whatever for
Lauraluj87: Me because I am I don't, I'm not dependent on that. Nevermind.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got to slow down a little bit buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it does is it sits on the opioid receptors, because it is an opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a long acting opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: That are you with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what it did when you were coming off of a no, it's not your drug of choice, but you know your body doesn't distinguish. It's still going to create tolerance for heroin for roxy's it's still going to develop it, whether you like that one or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still going to develop a tolerance for it. So what that you pornography is doing or was doing before this hospitals day was sitting on those opiate receptors so that you didn't have to have a full cold turkey experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you get that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Now I want to hear about. I want to hear. Now I want to hear about the mess. Now I want to hear. Tell me more. Because if your assumption, your thought was will all be on this, the pornography and it will address my cravings for math was that the thinking
Lauraluj87: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where did you get that that message from who who informed you that way.
Lauraluj87: Everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Lauraluj87: There's a that you take Suboxone now craving.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: Us. Okay. So there's a few things.
Gwenevere Abriel: What let's just back up a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you, how do you define a craving let's let's get into terms, a little bit into that and then we'll see if
We're
Lauraluj87: Marking said something during
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was going through this in group, the other day, we had this really long discussion. A lot of fun, actually. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about it like this. See this green pen.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about that green pen as
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll notice it as a thought.
Lauraluj87: What
Gwenevere Abriel: A talk
Gwenevere Abriel: But what it may actually have started with this first we're going to call this the craving. It may have been
Gwenevere Abriel: From a smell something you saw something you're around, it was similar to a memory. It could have come out of nowhere. But this first one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes if it happens out of the blue. We didn't do it on purpose. Meaning, oh well at two o'clock every day. I'm going to think about math. You know, like we don't do it on purpose, it just. Am I right, like, don't be sometimes doesn't a craving come out of nowhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: The thought to us. Oh, I could use right now. Oh my gosh, this would be really fun. I remember I had a really good time. I could be doing such a better job right now write down the first one.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's a question. Has your first craving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like he comes out of the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's this green pen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we just defined our terms the craving that first unconscious awareness of I could use
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes out of nowhere. Now the science behind that we're going to put a pin in that for a second because I want to talk to you about this metaphor. So this is the first thought. You have a choice at that point.
Gwenevere Abriel: To either
Gwenevere Abriel: Have the attic talk about it or Laura talk about it. There are two different voices the attic says, Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember that. That was great. And you know what we could do it once and no one's gonna know and it's going to be awesome. And we're going to feel better or you get so much done. And then everybody will love us. It's gonna be fantastic. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you're laughing Um
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's, it's kind of a turkey because it doesn't actually care about this one, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to, I want to go to school. I want a job. I want a family. I want a healthy body. I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: A substance free. These two are in opposition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right total opposition.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what it comes down to is how much time you spend listening to the addict and it's seductive, like, Come on, baby. He'll be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to feel, it'll be awesome. Okay, minerals, good times here. Here's another. Here's another one. Here's another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: The tricky bit is
Gwenevere Abriel: Being able to say, shut the F up
Gwenevere Abriel: I prefer not to be polite, because I think this this part of us this voice doesn't give them
Lauraluj87: Yeah, you need to move to that part of your
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz all y'all keep that door cracked open and you kind of like, well, I don't want to be too mean to it. What is it completely. Well, I say let's really be nasty with it.
Lauraluj87: Yes, I asked how much you want to continue
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to what the craving is
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how craving is that first
Gwenevere Abriel: Trigger, you got triggered some red flag just happened. Maybe it was prompted by
Gwenevere Abriel: fear, uncertainty seeing someone's face hearing someone's voice and intrusive memory trepidation fear about the future, something about the past, maybe right now. I hate this moment, this is awful. I feel pain. I don't know what this was.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this was unconscious and it came about from nowhere. Our choice comes in on what we do next.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can either keep feeding it like oh yeah right here sciatic side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we can shut it down. Let's shut the F up and we can talk about. You know what I'm gonna give this therapy, a shot, I'm gonna get up out of this system. I'm going to finish this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain in the tush probation, parole pre trial nonsense. I'm going to healthy, healthy, healthy, happy relationship. I'm going to move away from dad. That's for sure. And I'm going to raise people if I do decide to have a family. I'll raise them healthy with strong boundaries loving themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got to be able to stay in that voice. So notice
Gwenevere Abriel: You thinking maybe buprenorphine will completely get rid of this right
Lauraluj87: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does help.
Lauraluj87: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: It does help. I think it does. Here's what I've heard, the doctors say it helps with the cravings around buprenorphine. It helps with alcohol. I haven't heard them say that it helps with the
Gwenevere Abriel: That with the math, but I don't see why it's not exactly the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you've already told me or you told the doctors, it doesn't seem to be helping
Gwenevere Abriel: We told them in the hospital. I'm still having these right
Lauraluj87: They kind of told me that actually can be honest with you I wasn't like saving. I wasn't like crazy and they told me I was, and then it was like, oh, okay, well, yeah, I mean,
Lauraluj87: Because it was kind of like
Lauraluj87: Like I wasn't there because of my mess withdrawn or whatever it was just, I was there because I was having
Lauraluj87: And then they told me. Okay. Well, I used to use matter whatever did you shoot heroin and as well. Yeah.
Lauraluj87: But I've been talking since February 20 like I haven't used since then. And then after but it was like after that word was pro. I thought I focused on was. Oh, hey. She was a user
Lauraluj87: Oh yeah, you're probably having cravings. Well, here's what a healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see. Okay, so they put it in your head so
Gwenevere Abriel: It was they treated you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a drug addict. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm sorry that happened.
Lauraluj87: I mean, they found out that I was having asthma aspiration.
Lauraluj87: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: They better because that's why you went to the hospital. I'm assuming that you weren't going there drug seeking
Lauraluj87: So know something
Lauraluj87: But they treated like that sooner than that. And it was like, no. Cool. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. And so the sooner you can really articulate clearly hey listen doc and nurse I'm receiving buprenorphine so that I don't crave opiates.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm already in a treatment program. I'm like, Hey, guys. No, no. Don't get distracted by that I need to talk about. I can't breathe. I can't. I've got this pain with someone just called you.
Lauraluj87: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'll get more and more rehearsed it when knowing what to do when people get distracted by that part of that history.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be able to get through it quickly and just say, yeah, that's I already own that part, I'm already in treatment for it, but I'm presenting here my chief complaint is rest. I can't breathe. I got this pain that
Gwenevere Abriel: If y'all want to talk to my doctor bright heart health. You can you can talk about buprenorphine with them. Here's a release of information.
Lauraluj87: Yeah okay so they couldn't find that was the problem. They couldn't find it. I was getting the my strips that usually because they couldn't find anywhere in the system. I guess they tried to pull the P AMP T or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes no sense it of course it's there. So your doctor is Dr. Aubrey out right
Lauraluj87: Right. Yeah. I think that the reason why they can't pull it because they're not giving me more than like $70 right
Gwenevere Abriel: I will have her look at it. I will
Lauraluj87: Know, weird but
Lauraluj87: They got treated me like I was getting it illegally. I'm like, I swear to God, I have a script at home. I give you my bottle.
Lauraluj87: Right here legally. And they're like, No, no, it's okay if you are. I'm like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What a mess. Let me just, can I messaged her and have her pull your p&p
Lauraluj87: I was because I don't know. I don't know why that
Lauraluj87: They tried they tried to pull him here, whatever, and they couldn't pull it up. But there's nothing that said anything about the strips on it and I was like, I swear to God I'm not taking a single and then they kept saying it's okay. You are. And I'm like, I'm not
Lauraluj87: I'm like, God damn it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm so I just wrote her and I said, Can you pull her p&p. Um, and then she'll ask me why. And I'll just tell her. Why, okay.
Lauraluj87: I mean, I mean, that doesn't matter because you know I'm out of the hospital or
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, but it's good for us to know because maybe there's something going on. And this might lead to understanding. Let's, let's do it because I should be doing it anyway. With every client. So she may already have one. Let's just see. Alright, so let's get to
Gwenevere Abriel: You went into the hospital because you missed Tuesday group.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you go
Lauraluj87: Last Tuesday at 1pm
Oh,
Lauraluj87: Good. Oh, I miss I miss my I O P to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So I want to talk a little bit for a second about the texting. I don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: My okay let me let me rephrase, let me try this again.
Gwenevere Abriel: The message that I received
Gwenevere Abriel: This one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is you
Lauraluj87: That's not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm showing it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I received a message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plan.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, let me try again. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, hold on, I made a mistake. Hold on, I want to show you something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is it.
Lauraluj87: Can't find it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a second is really important that I know who I'm communicating on text. It's like, Give me just a second to work this out or you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just working
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is just let's forget that one. I'm actually here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So bizarre.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, was not until 23 No no no no no no now now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just give me another second. If I can't find it. I'll have to. I'll just do my best to describe it to you and then we'll have to take it from there. I'm trying. Because this makes no sense that it wouldn't be sitting in my texts from last night. Let me just try it on my message on my computer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm just gonna have to describe it to you and just the way life is. As soon as we hang up today I'll be able to find it. The bottom line, I received a message that sounded something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't have a phone. It doesn't work like not at all.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know. Okay, so I received a message from a number, and I don't understand where it is right now. I'm kind of like weirded out by that but someone communicated that you that your phone was not working, like, not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Yeah, I know, that's why I'm talking about it because I was very confused because then
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a message from you, kind of like not acknowledging that there's something going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to determine
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Lauraluj87: Anything I should make my my messages to you more direct instead of more general instead of general
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So Laura, I'm going to tell you a hypothesis. But you guess that I'm, I'm, I'm guessing something. Can I share something with you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Laura I'm concerned. Someone just texted me last night that was not you
Gwenevere Abriel: On your phone was anyone in the hospital room over the last three days.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, I don't understand how this happened then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she this person said, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I know what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I confuse two people, I think, last night I was thinking this message was coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: From you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I
Lauraluj87: Told you I was hospitalized.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, now I think this was my error.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's me. So let's drop that let's let's say
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel so much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel better. And I'm sorry to put that alert in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because sometimes people grab someone else's phone and if something looks weird. I stopped texting. If I ever thinks it's not you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I will just
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop and does that make sense.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, okay, sorry, I didn't mean to divert all that time into that, but now I feel better. Like, nobody's in your room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making
Gwenevere Abriel: Making a crap about you. Okay. Um, so once you tell me a little bit about what is about to happen in the next weekend. What's coming up for you any changes.
Lauraluj87: No, not really.
Lauraluj87: Um, my boyfriend and I are going to be at home with the cat.
Lauraluj87: My cat is about it.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Lauraluj87: Tell me two days.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to know how frequently those you know how we just did this thing, this is going to be our craving. Um, how, how often do they come at you. How many times a day, or how many times a minute, like how how frequent
Lauraluj87: Maybe like once a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or once a day, and how do you counter it. How do you get rid of that. Nice.
Lauraluj87: I just
Gwenevere Abriel: hope someone just called
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm really, I'm working hard here to not feel nauseous myself his screen is living so much you moving around so much
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Lauraluj87: Sorry, my boyfriend miscarried me
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go over to this idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming once a day and then tell me again what you do to counter it to kind of get it out of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're muted. So I can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: you're muted.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hit the mute button.
Lauraluj87: Get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what are you doing to counteract that initial trigger. What do you put in your head. What distraction techniques are you doing, what are you doing right away.
Lauraluj87: I'm ignoring it.
Lauraluj87: Just, I just think about my life with the IT WAS HORRIBLE, MY
Lauraluj87: Bad like really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that that negative consequences. So that, that's a good one for a lot of people
Lauraluj87: I mean, was I almost died on it. I mean, that alone is enough reason to stay over
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it is that, but that I
Lauraluj87: Almost like straight up like I got I'm already got. I was 85 pounds. I mean, that's ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And has it cost you other health conditions that substance use history.
Lauraluj87: Not that I know of.
Lauraluj87: But like I said, just the fact that I almost died that reason alone with Jesus.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good one. So notice how if we, if we look at these two voices. If we say, what was the romantic thought the one that kind of seem like it came from the addict voice. What was the the invitation to come. Use in your head. If it sounded like something. What does it sound like
Lauraluj87: I'M HI, I'M
Lauraluj87: I'll make everything numb.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one. I'll make everything now. And guess what you the authentic self came in and said,
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Right. How about my problems are still going to be here, dumb ass. And you know what, you almost fucking killed me.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, straight
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's how harsh. We've got to be to that we've got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to be that firm because it doesn't care about you and only once the next high
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to be that firm. So I think you've already got it in you, you went, what more evidence. Do I need You almost killed me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't care about
Lauraluj87: That, that alone is enough reason to stay sober and that's why whenever I was in the hospital or whatever they have asked me, have you used recently. I'm like, No, I'm like what
Lauraluj87: Like really, like, No, I have not.
Gwenevere Abriel: All they would have to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't all you could have said, Well, give me a drug test, you'll see if you do the metabolite for the buprenorphine. You'll see that that's in my system go drug test me, feel free to take a urine.
Lauraluj87: And I guess they did. And then, and then there were, there was abusing the bluefin over there.
Lauraluj87: Right right right was like, Oh, great.
Lauraluj87: Oh my god. There you go.
You know why.
Lauraluj87: Because like I said whenever they tried to pull that thing they couldn't find it. And they're like, Okay, well, it's OK. You are. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so listen
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really proud of you because you've got you could have gotten really mad at them but you kind of went you know what something went sideways. Maybe it's the recording of the medication or you don't, you and I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't like turn it into an excuse to rage and be indignant, you did something kind of cool, we kind of went like whatever nothing but a thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a process.
Lauraluj87: And
Lauraluj87: I guess obviously something went wrong and then like, it's not my fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing the right thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my, I do want to talk a little bit about he did ingest I think I'm asked. This is a real questions did you ingest
Gwenevere Abriel: Morphine how much, how much oxy and when were those short acting opiates because it matters, it will impact your physiology. So can I maybe make a little note. So your doctor knows to
Lauraluj87: Yeah, like, like I have to give to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much were you given to you know and when was the last in
Lauraluj87: Your home.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably does. So I want to know kind of what part of the day. Was there any today, when was it kind of thing.
Lauraluj87: But
Lauraluj87: I know that they get in the game in the morning, quite a bit. You mean like I think it was 20 have like a little thing is like the syringes like at 20
Lauraluj87: Millimeters right
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know when when
Lauraluj87: Like seven times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me try again. When was the last use when this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the morning
Gwenevere Abriel: 10am today, you know, can be today. Was it today.
Lauraluj87: Return am here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: 310 in the morning so 3:10am last us and you see it looks like morphine.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, it was morphine. It was 20, I think it was 20 millimeter you
Gwenevere Abriel: Read it. What does it say 20 and then as an ML.
Lauraluj87: It doesn't say it doesn't say on here.
Oh,
Lauraluj87: But I can go
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's okay, it's okay.
Lauraluj87: Okay then.
Lauraluj87: Of the oxy they gave me oxy code on. I know that.
Lauraluj87: Became you 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 10 milligram Jesus show when they dispensed it
Lauraluj87: That was at 10am. No, I like that was like my name.
Gwenevere Abriel: 9am today.
Lauraluj87: Yeah today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what did you notice as far as how you felt when you did you notice any any benefit from
Gwenevere Abriel: Either of those
Lauraluj87: Know, because I think I'm on this boxing.
Right.
Lauraluj87: So I get them to share
Lauraluj87: Or whatever.
Lauraluj87: And the thing that they're giving me the Suboxone what the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much Suboxone
Lauraluj87: The email. Eight. Eight Molitor eight
Lauraluj87: Grams. Yeah. And then to
Me.
Lauraluj87: Yeah. But that gives me in pill form.
I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they gave you one you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have an eight milligram tablet. I'm guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And when did you last take that eight milligram tablet.
Gwenevere Abriel: 9am okay taken today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what are you are you tell me how you're presenting now any symptoms of any kind, right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad
Lauraluj87: I'm good after. Oh my god.
So,
Lauraluj87: Isn't it wasn't pointless to give me the morphine. Like, there we go.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was the way it was a waste of resources and I, ya know,
Lauraluj87: My thought
Lauraluj87: On top of this box and
Gwenevere Abriel: All they needed to do was coordinate with you Dr. But very few hospitals will take the time to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to, you're going to learn. You're going to talk with the doctor more if this ever happens again, you're going to know more about what to do. Okay, it's going to get easier, you're going to be more sort of empowered with knowledge of what to do. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's get you
Lauraluj87: morphing then right they wasted it. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you know I want a chance to hear a little bit about how long you've known your boyfriend. Tell me a little bit about that relationship.
Lauraluj87: I've known him for like five years.
Lauraluj87: We've been together on and off for like a year and a half, but we got serious probably about nine months ago.
Lauraluj87: Okay, let me rephrase that I am curious like nine months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Long before that.
Lauraluj87: Okay. He's been with me for probably three years, but I haven't been that, sir. Okay, so on so
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the turning point for you what happened that you're like, You know what,
Lauraluj87: I realized that he actually cares like whenever I ended up here for like a date right and it scared the crap. I mean, whatever.
Lauraluj87: Um, and during that danger or whatever, I realized that, oh my god, I know. No one's here, you know, everything's gotten my money's gone the Octagon people that are around, they're gone known Harrison, let me know.
Lauraluj87: And I thought in my head, I'm like who actually cares
Lauraluj87: He does like even though I pushed him away. Even though I, you know, hold them accountable show, whatever. I know that about a column right now and say, hey, I need you he'd be right there.
Lauraluj87: So that was enough to call him and time. Hi. Oh, hi, how are you
Lauraluj87: So I got back with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you like his loyalty
Lauraluj87: Yeah, plus, plus the fact that, like I said, with him.
Lauraluj87: He cares. Like I said, I keep not just gonna put it this way. I know I was in Europe for a month and I saw some on Joe
Lauraluj87: And I wasn't ever worried when cheating on I know for a fact that he's not gonna he's not gonna that's not him.
Lauraluj87: And everyone was like oh my god man's gonna you know my man's gonna do this, I'm doing this, you know, my man talking to this chicken. Like I know he's at home playing video games like, you know what I mean like you
Lauraluj87: Know he's
Lauraluj87: I mean, if anything, I was the one that was out there, you know, doing all the stuff for us. And, you know, he would just he wouldn't do anything. And granted, I mean I got my daily dose T, you know, at the end of the day, I ended up screen.
Lauraluj87: I stuff over kind of by doing what I was doing. But it's okay because I learned from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you too. I think you're both are you both staying at your father's house.
Lauraluj87: No, my boyfriend stage with his dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: How I feel like
Lauraluj87: So I'm allowed to some other places, but I can't stay the night. So before I got arrested. Okay. I was living in London is that whenever I got arrested, though I put on free trial and now my preacher officer police custody.
Lauraluj87: So then I'm legally supposed to my dad and mom. My mom's house. I can spend the night I'm on house arrest. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I probably caught a morning when you were at his house, possibly. Right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not tracking it for supervision, you're
Lauraluj87: Good. You're good.
Lauraluj87: Man, that's, that's what it is. So it's
Lauraluj87: Usually picks me up at like six or seven in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you get you get out of there as fast as you can.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, good. I don't like my obviously you know what you you've been there, done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love they're getting up out of their love it just so much that that really feels like a relief to know that you're out of there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and you are communicating your, your PO knows where you were on Tuesday. He's in the loop.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, you know, I was in the hospital and everything yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony. That's it. Mr. Carter Anthony Carter, he's aware, um,
Lauraluj87: You guys ever get the information to him, or no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I don't even remember what I'm supposed to do. Am I already behind because I supposed to send him something and already blew it. No, I
Lauraluj87: Mean like with the if I put in the put in there for the
Gwenevere Abriel: Release of information.
Lauraluj87: Yeah yeah let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me go see if it's in the record. I'll look now.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the thing that I had asked, Was that the email being there. It was really important to me and it didn't get in
Gwenevere Abriel: Say,
Lauraluj87: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish it was in there. I'm not gonna lie I do kind of wish it was there. That's what we're talking about here. So Anthony Carter, one of the reasons why is because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to, I want to email him. I want to email the letter. Have you ever asked for a letter it because I don't really do faxing don't have, you know,
Like a
Lauraluj87: Picture of it. I don't know.
Lauraluj87: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that. Listen, Laura.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the email. This is about seeing the email in the consent form I had wanted it in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know that sounds really picky, but
Lauraluj87: Well, how do I, how do I do that though. I don't know what I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm, are you open to filling it out again and then look right here. Do you see right here.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I guess. Yeah, I have to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there. What I would do is I would right after the 87102 I would just put a space and then I would type in Anthony underscore Carter at an mp.us courts.gov
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but, but you do see that we have the document. It worked. Whatever it we you know I'm saying, like the system worked
Gwenevere Abriel: As you can see it sitting in the record. See, here's your lips. No, no. You're looking at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But anyway, it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, I think what I'll do is, I'm going to have Angelina send you another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all you need to do is drop that email in there. And then we're good now when he says, hey, I want to know how Laura's doing. Can you just send me a quick participation letter. It's it'll be really easy. I'll just email it to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So in general, how are you doing on this pretrial release is it overwhelming.
Is it something. Yeah.
Lauraluj87: I like
Okay.
Lauraluj87: I'm in. I'm in more of an understanding of it. You know what I mean, I get it. Like, I'm not, I'm not looking for joy. Right. I'm not looking at this point I'm just looking to not get thrown back
Lauraluj87: Like I'm not, you know, I'm not looking for jury right I'm not looking for anything other than to help enter it just
Like
Lauraluj87: You because if I don't have that. And then dead so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you really
Gwenevere Abriel: how important this is.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, like I said, I'm not looking. Like I said, I'm not looking for Android, right. I'm not looking for Get Out of Jail Free card or whatever I'm literally looking to just get me back on track.
Lauraluj87: Find them in your cool whatever that's that's what life has in store for me and then
Lauraluj87: Well, I'm not gonna put myself in danger of being enjoying like, you know what I mean, I'm not gonna put myself in danger of those drugs anymore. I mean, your other people or whatever. It's not worth. It's not worth
Lauraluj87: Especially, especially because I know you spent two days, thinking that I can have the coven so that was pretty bad.
Lauraluj87: You know what I mean, because I got swag for that and they told me that they immediately took me, you know, under their wing and put me in a frickin hospital thing and I couldn't leave everything's moving into my own doing. Like, you know, plastics are like oh my
Lauraluj87: God. So I saw like you know last year's people treating me like I was, you know, there are like, you know, like
Lauraluj87: Maybe I'll try.
Gwenevere Abriel: And like, like you got the cooties.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just, I saw Dr Robey back. She didn't give me the answer I wanted. So I wrote her again. I said, Does it show your buprenorphine prescription. She's talking about that she picked up.
Gwenevere Abriel: On April 1 so that is
Gwenevere Abriel: On Wednesday, April 1 so I I would wonder about that. That's something of concern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that sounds like you were still picking stuff up.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: I need to go get my one on April 10 I need to go last prescription. I didn't go get out on the
Lauraluj87: Road away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It says, April. Sorry, let me rephrase
Gwenevere Abriel: What we can talk about it later. But, um, it says done and in documents. Oh, it's in there for me. Let me go sitting there like a look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a p&p. She said, I was just sitting there. I don't think it uploaded. But let me try refresh.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can look at it together. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so sure. So this is what the doctors are looking at
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what I was confused about either you or someone picked up some hydrolysis recent is April 1
Lauraluj87: Yeah, with me. I was me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, was this you just kind of, you
Lauraluj87: Know for my tooth number
Lauraluj87: Oh my abscess tooth.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the new thing that needs to maybe change. And I don't know if you did this is you want to talk with your doctor before you take any
Gwenevere Abriel: opiate
Lauraluj87: Well, yeah. Because I talked to her and she said that it didn't even work. SHE SAID SHE SAID SHE SAID THAT I basically got script for nothing English woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, okay, cool. Now look right here.
Lauraluj87: You know how we already talked to her about it, she because she told me she's not saying you shouldn't even gotten that because she
Lauraluj87: She recommended just take the booking this trip and
Lauraluj87: Some time and on. It's called event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah zishan said dA is Dawn ABR is real, this doctor prescribed March nine, so they how how they don't see that. I don't understand. And look, here it is again you've got the 13th.
Lauraluj87: You wouldn't know.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Lauraluj87: I don't understand what I'm looking at.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think they may have maybe they were kind of testing you are something to see if you would say something else. I mean, I don't get it.
Lauraluj87: I get it legally like I'm not getting any going
Lauraluj87: To say, I'm like,
Lauraluj87: I'm like, I promise you I'm not getting it LEGALLY, LEGALLY I wouldn't mentioning it
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just wanted to show you that she did do it. I was very cool, she was doing to do it so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hopefully you feel a little vindicated.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I mean, the thing. Yeah, I mean over here. I mean, we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's schedule. I want to review. I'm going to see what you already have in your, your, sort of mindset and planning for next week when is your next bright heart health group.
Lauraluj87: Thursday, right. Oh, I know. Tuesday I keep forgetting that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I was closing. Yes.
Lauraluj87: I am right.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not up an hour late, so we want to take time and plug it in the phone now before it disappears.
Lauraluj87: Lesson.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's start from scratch. It is not at eight o'clock. It is at 7am on a Tuesday. So I don't know if you want to put that in your phone so that you have time to check in. So you have so it doesn't get forgotten. Do you want to put it in there, you
Lauraluj87: Have it on my calendar.
Lauraluj87: Let me know if
Gwenevere Abriel: You use it as an alarm.
Lauraluj87: I'm writing it running
Lauraluj87: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then so it's April 14 at 7am I highly encourage you when you hang up with me to plug an alarm on your phone for like 645 something like that so that you can splash some cold water starts your coffee and check in.
Lauraluj87: Okay, let me do that. We're now going to run out.
Lauraluj87: Yeah. Well, we already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just do it. Let's just get it done.
Lauraluj87: Already normally not okay. I like
Lauraluj87: Monday, Tuesday, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am. April 14 Tuesday, and you may want to set it for recurring alarm every Tuesday, maybe 645 something like that and label it 7am group.
Lauraluj87: If it were 645
Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then once you get that one done let me know and we can schedule in the phone also
Lauraluj87: I noticed that we already have all that written down. I think I have it on my calendar. But anyways, continue what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes a difference if we use our phone for alarms. It's good to get
Lauraluj87: I mean, I mean with ours.
Lauraluj87: With Year nine scheduling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go, go check check your phone and see if 9am on April 17 is in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, you may want to set your alarm for like
Lauraluj87: We're thinking I forget you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't, it isn't forget it's I let's say you have a bad night's sleep. And it's because watch. It's not forget, life gets in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm you had to go to the hospital and we didn't know. So we were looking for you at 7am group wondering where is she, where is she
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that you forget us. It's just that attention goes in a more urgent place you needed to attend to your physical pain and so you you were taking care of something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not so much I it's a forgot it's, you know, it can get pretty busy life can get. There's a lot going on. So I would highly encourage 845 on April 17 setting a little alarm in there and that'll be our time to meet on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so I'm, I'm really glad we got to touch base. I know this was a little, little choppy with being outside, but hopefully next time we'll be able to meet and it'll be enough. Kind of a chill setting.
Yeah.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I message your physician that you do need a prescription
Gwenevere Abriel: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Need a correction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good to have you. I'll see you on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it was good to talk to you. I'll see you on Tuesday morning
Gwenevere Abriel: See you on Tuesday.
Lauraluj87: I can barely hear you. Welcome.